So, that's kind of a whirlwind tour of
the different basic data types in R.
So far, we've talked about
the atomic classes in numeric,
logical, character, integer,
and complex vectors.
We talked about how vectors can only
have elements of the same class and
the main exception to that is lists which
can have elements of different classes.
There are factors which are used for, for
coding categorical data, with ordered and
unordered data.
There are missing values that
are represented by NAs, and NANs.
Data frames are used to store tabular data
or each COM can be of a different class.
And finally, all our R objects
can have names which mean usul,
which can be useful for
creating self-describing data.